We cleaned up Stacys challenges in a matter of weeks! First, I gave 
her a technique to get back to sleep within three minutes so she could 
wake up rested. Next, we prioritized the 61 projects on her plate. As she 
learned to question herself less and get more done, she felt she had accomplished enough at the end of each day to go home. She learned the 
tools to push herself when needed and to relax and be present with her 
family when desired. As a result, her life became more balanced. After 
she learned communication techniques to minimize her assistants mistakes, Stacys relief was visible. As these skills gave her more of a sense 
of control, we were able to deal with that self-critical voice and go over 
how to stop overreacting with her kids. At home, her guilt began to melt 
away and, at work, she grew into her potential as a leader. Four months 
later, Stacy was promoted.
Dan was ready to break through to the next level of success. We 
sculpted his business around his considerable talent and identified his 
unique value to those whale clients. He became clear about where he 
was headed and what daily critical actions would get him there. As he developed a system for powering down the piles of paperwork, his stress 
began to subside, and he was able to think straight again. Thats when 
we taught him strategies to put him on the fast track to that quiet confidence he wanted when entering a room. Within a month, he was meeting with the whales. And within three months, he landed the biggest 
deal of his professional career. He ended his business partnership on 
amicable terms, spent more time with his new wife and at long last
enjoyed the quality of life for which he did work so hard!
If so, you can learn a better way, quickly. Channeling stress properly 
turns coal into diamonds. In later chapters, you will learn about all the tools 
(and more) Stacy used to get promoted and Dan used to land a whale 
client. If you have been handling things well in the New Normal, you will now 
be able to do so with less wear and tear. If you have been struggling, you will 
pick up a toolkit to put you in control. Like Stacy and Dan, as you apply 
the skills, you will have greater career satisfaction, improved work-life 
balance, and better financial security. You will live life more on your own 
terms, not just react to it.
You finish a draft, and then rush to your daughters play, arriving with a minute to spare. It takes so long to settle in that you aren not 
really present until the second act. That night, you sleep restlessly, 
worrying about the presentation. In the morning, you are nervous as 
you enter the meeting, still unsure if you will deliver exactly what your 
boss wants. Your presentation goes without a hitch, but you get pepapered with a lot of tough questions about the go-forward strategy. 
You feel intimidated, so you avoid speaking up, even when you have 
something important to say. After the meeting you soldier on, but 
feel rattled for the rest of the day. When you pass your boss in the 
hallway you are anxious whether she will say anything about it. 
Work on developing and improving yourself every day. If you
were to read something for one hour a day that improved
your ability to do your work, that would put you in the top
one percent in our society within five years.
Listen to educational audio programs when you are traveling in your car. Today, virtually all of the finest information
and ideas that have ever been assembled in English, or in
any language, are available as audio recordings on CDs or
downloads to a smartphone or tablet.
The average commuter spends 500 to 1,000 hours per
year in the car. That is twelve or twenty forty-hour weeks,
which is equivalent to one or two university semesters. This
means that you can get the benefit of almost full-time university attendance by simply turning traveling time into
learning time. If you are not listening to audio programs in
your car or when traveling, you are missing out on one of the
great learning opportunities that exist today.